he popularized complicated dance-moves such as the moonwalk, to which he gave the name, as well as the robot. The eighth child of the Jackson family, Jackson made his public debut in 1964 with his older brothers Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, and Marlon as a member of the Jackson 5. Jackson began his solo career in 1971 while at Motown Records. He became a solo star with his 1979 album: Off the Wall.
Taylor Alison Swift is an American singer, songwriter. Her genre-spanning discography, artistic reinventions and songwriting have received critical praise and wide media coverage. The former's "Love Story" and "You Belong with Me" were the first country songs to top the U.S. pop and all-genre airplay charts respectively.
The band has been credited with "bridging the gap between heavy metal and pop with style and ease".  In 1986, the band achieved widespread success and global recognition with their third album, Slippery When Wet, which sold over 20 million copies and included three Top 10 singles, two of which reached No. 1. Their fourth album, New Jersey, was also very successful, selling over 10 million copies and featuring five Top 10 singles, two of which reached No. 1.
Nice to meet you Annelise.
Here is what I found on the web about Angelina Jolie. Angelina Jolie is an American actress, filmmaker, and humanitarian.
Here is what I found on the web about Zach Galifianakis. Zachary Knight Galifianakis is an American actor and comedian.
Emma Charlotte Duerre Watson is an English actress and activist...lent her voice to The Tale of Despereaux.
Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger is an Austrian and American actor, film producer, businessman, retired professional bodybuilder and politician who served as the 38th governor of California between 2003 and 2011.
Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta, known professionally as Lady Gaga
 Later that year, she and her family began to appear in the E reality television series, Keeping Up with the Kardashians. Its success led to the formation of the spin-off series Kourtney and Kim Take New York, Kourtney and Kim Take Miami, and Hulu's ,, The Kardashians.
Onika Tanya Maraj Petty, known professionally as Nicki Minaj, is a Trinidadian, American rapper, singer, songwriter and actress.
John Christopher Depp II is an American actor and musician.
Willard Carroll Smith II, also known by his stage name The Fresh Prince, is an American actor and rapper.
